Add async gather to run license server checks in parallel (#144)
omnivector-solutions/license-manager: agent/CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
----------

> * Add async calls to license servers to fetch informationn in parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implement async calls to license servers to fetch information in parallel
```
